README.md, before:

# Entropy: Chaos Mod
Entropy is a Chaos Mod where random events happen every 30 seconds. The events are selected randomly from a pool of 53 (and growing) events that can be anything from meteor rain, physics changes and much more.

Event and timer duration can be configured from the Settings menu!

Entropy was heavily inspired on the excellent work of pongo1231's [Chaos Mod V](https://github.com/gta-chaos-mod/ChaosModV) for Grand Theft Auto V!

## Multiplayer:
Play Entropy with friends! Each random event happens around each player. Each connected client can configure Twitch Integrations independently and will send poll results to the server.

## Twitch Integration:
Entropy includes integration with Twitch! Viewers of a streamer can vote the next event using the stream chat! (Integration for more platforms like Youtube streaming and Discord is planned).

To enable Twitch Integration you'll need a Twitch OAuth Access token, you can generate using [this tool](https://twitchtokengenerator.com/) (or any other OAuth token generator tool).
Write your OAuth Access Token and your channel name in Entropy Settings.

#### ScreenShots:
![Demo 1 - Twitch Chat Integration](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img4.png)
![Demo 2 - Blur](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img1.png)
![Demo 3 - Upside Down](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img2.png)
![Demo 4 - Meteor Rain](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img3.png)
![Demo 5 - Settings](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img5.png)

## Roadmap:

Entropy is in early development, and some features are planned but not yet implemented:
 - Youtube Live Chat Integration.
 - Discord Chat Integration.
 - Configurable Events (Enable/Disable, Custom Timing...)


## Installation:
This mod requires [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/use/) and [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api). You can download Entropy from the _[releases](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/releases)_ tab in github or through the CurseForge page.
Drop Entropy and Fabric API JARs inside the mods folder.

## Building from source:
Linux / Mac OS
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/
cd Entropy
./gradlew build
```
Windows
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/
cd Entropy
gradlew build
```
You can find the built JARs inside Entropy/build/libs

## License
Entropy is released under the free and open-source [GPL-3.0 License](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Move copyright notice to README

README.md, after:

# Entropy: Chaos Mod
Entropy is a Chaos Mod where random events happen every 30 seconds. The events are selected randomly from a pool of 53 (and growing) events that can be anything from meteor rain, physics changes and much more.

Event and timer duration can be configured from the Settings menu!

Entropy was heavily inspired on the excellent work of pongo1231's [Chaos Mod V](https://github.com/gta-chaos-mod/ChaosModV) for Grand Theft Auto V!

## Multiplayer:
Play Entropy with friends! Each random event happens around each player. Each connected client can configure Twitch Integrations independently and will send poll results to the server.

## Twitch Integration:
Entropy includes integration with Twitch! Viewers of a streamer can vote the next event using the stream chat! (Integration for more platforms like Youtube streaming and Discord is planned).

To enable Twitch Integration you'll need a Twitch OAuth Access token, you can generate using [this tool](https://twitchtokengenerator.com/) (or any other OAuth token generator tool).
Write your OAuth Access Token and your channel name in Entropy Settings.

#### ScreenShots:
![Demo 1 - Twitch Chat Integration](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img4.png)
![Demo 2 - Blur](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img1.png)
![Demo 3 - Upside Down](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img2.png)
![Demo 4 - Meteor Rain](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img3.png)
![Demo 5 - Settings](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/blob/master/readme%20images/img5.png)

## Roadmap:

Entropy is in early development, and some features are planned but not yet implemented:
 - Youtube Live Chat Integration.
 - Discord Chat Integration.
 - Configurable Events (Enable/Disable, Custom Timing...)


## Installation:
This mod requires [Fabric](https://fabricmc.net/use/) and [Fabric API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fabric-api). You can download Entropy from the _[releases](https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/releases)_ tab in github or through the CurseForge page.
Drop Entropy and Fabric API JARs inside the mods folder.

## Building from source:
Linux / Mac OS
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/
cd Entropy
./gradlew build
```
Windows
```shell script
git clone https://github.com/juancarloscp52/Entropy/
cd Entropy
gradlew build
```
You can find the built JARs inside Entropy/build/libs

## Copyright

Copyright (C) 2021 juancarloscp52 and the Entropy contributors

Entropy is released under [`GPL-3.0-or-later`],
a free software and Open Source license.

[`GPL-3.0-or-later`]: COPYING "SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0-or-later"
